Update azure-sql-database-limitations.md (#1228)
MicrosoftDocs/fabric-docs: docs/database/mirrored-database/azure-sql-database-limitations.md

## Table level

> - A table cannot be mirrored with the following attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A table cannot be mirrored if it has the following attributes:
```

>     - A table does **not have a defined primary key**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A table does not have a defined primary key.
```
